c:\users\ooo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\bin\Debug\Audio Splitter.exe.config
c:\users\ooo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\bin\Debug\Audio Splitter.exe
c:\users\ooo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\bin\Debug\Audio Splitter.pdb
c:\users\ooo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio Splitter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ooo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio_Splitter.Form1.resources
c:\users\ooo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio_Splitter.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ooo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio Splitter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ooo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio Splitter.exe
c:\users\ooo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio Splitter.pdb
c:\users\ooo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
c:\users\ooo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\ooo\Documents\Programming\CSharp\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\bin\Debug\Audio Splitter.exe.config
C:\Users\ooo\Documents\Programming\CSharp\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio Splitter.exe
C:\Users\ooo\Documents\Programming\CSharp\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio Splitter.pdb
C:\Users\ooo\Documents\Programming\CSharp\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\bin\Debug\Audio Splitter.exe
C:\Users\ooo\Documents\Programming\CSharp\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\bin\Debug\Audio Splitter.pdb
C:\Users\ooo\Documents\Programming\CSharp\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\bin\Debug\NAudio.dll
C:\Users\ooo\Documents\Programming\CSharp\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\bin\Debug\NAudio.xml
C:\Users\ooo\Documents\Programming\CSharp\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio Splitter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ooo\Documents\Programming\CSharp\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio_Splitter.Form1.resources
C:\Users\ooo\Documents\Programming\CSharp\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio_Splitter.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ooo\Documents\Programming\CSharp\Audio Splitter\Audio Splitter\obj\Debug\Audio Splitter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
